this videotape this is a video nya what
is your name nya Ariel Ariel I saw you
when your ladies you people didn't
mermaid actually was that your latest
movie how how did you swim so well in
that movie I see you have so you you
have to swim through cave right and
there were these weird seaweed creatures
right were they scary yeah that is
really bad I wouldn't want an alligator
to eat me so who's your father
the cake oh really and what was the most
what was the biggest thing that happened
to you on your little adventure it was
the most important thing
was the most memorable moment of your
adventure but when you turn to do human
could you talk you mean stuff so you
didn't have you didn't want this in your
voice usually she took my voice but i
sealed my voice back so do you have
anything else you have to say before you
leave area one more thing did you sing
any sounds you didn't sing any songs the
whole song it was longer than that okay
sing it again
okay bye you're gonna watch it yeah